Task 1
*****Interface with a stock price data feed*****

Interface with a stock price data feed and set up your system for analysis of the data

Here is the background information on your task
You’ve been asked to assist with some development to add a chart to a trader’s dashboard allowing them to better identify under/over-valued stocks.

The trader would like to be able to monitor two historically correlated stocks and be able to visualize when the correlation between the two weakens (i.e. one stock moves proportionally more than the historical correlation would imply). This could indicate a potential trade strategy to simultaneously buy the relatively underperforming stock and sell the relatively outperforming stock. Assuming the two prices subsequently converge, the trade should be profitable.

Most data visualization for our traders is built on JPMorgan Chase's Perspective data visualization software, which is now open source. If you want to explore that, a link is provided in the resources section. 

Before implementing this request using perspective, first you’ll need to interface with the relevant financial data feed and make the necessary adjustments to facilitate the monitoring of potential trade opportunities.

* Understanding the finance and trading part is not required.

* Being familiar with python scripting language and command line basics is not required as you will be guided in this exercise

* (Note, you DO NOT have to install Perspective as an individual software onto your machine. All you need to complete this task is to follow the instructions in step 3)


Here is your task
For the first module of this project will need you to accomplish the following:

Set up your system by downloading the necessary repository, files, tools and dependencies
Fix the broken client datafeed script in the repository by making the required adjustments to it.
Generate a patch file of the changes you made
Bonus task: Add unit tests in the test script in the repository.

We've broken down the steps for you in stages below so you can accomplish this task in an organized manner.

Set Up

Before you can tackle any software or development task you need to set up your development environment. Your development environment refers to your system having all the required software installed to modify the code, as well as getting the code of the project itself onto your computer.
